applications: nrf_desktop: Add Swift Pair module (#10583)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/swift_pair_app.rst

.. _nrf_desktop_swift_pair_app:

Swift Pair module
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Swift Pair module is used to enable or disable the Swift Pair Bluetooth advertising payload depending on the selected Bluetooth peer (used local identity).

> The module distinguishes between dongle peer and general Bluetooth peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module distinguishes between the dongle peer and the general Bluetooth peers.
```

Module events
*************

.. include:: event_propagation.rst
    :start-after: table_swift_pair_app_start
    :end-before: table_swift_pair_app_end

.. note::
    |nrf_desktop_module_event_note|

Configuration
*************

> The Swift Pair module requires enabling the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Swift Pair module, you must enable the following Kconfig options:
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_SWIFT_PAIR` - The nRF Desktop's :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_adv` uses :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to generate advertising and scan response data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_SWIFT_PAIR` - The nRF Desktop's :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_adv` uses the :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to generate advertising and scan response data.
```

>   The Swift Pair advertising data provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_SWIFT_PAIR`) is used to add the Swift Pair payload to the advertising data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To add the Swift Pair payload to the advertising data, use the Swift Pair advertising data provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_SWIFT_PAIR`).
```

Author: The new wording may be a bit counterintuitive I think. The module automatically uses the Swift Pair advertising data provider. User does not use the API of the advertising data provider.

Reviewer 2: Agree. Please ignore this comment.

>   The Swift Pair module uses API of the Swift Pair advertising data provider to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload depending on application local identity that is in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Depending on the used local identity of the application, the Swift Pair module uses API of the Swift Pair advertising data provider to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload.
```
Reshuffled a bit, let me know if the meaning is as intended

Author: Can we call it `application local identity` ? It is phrase that we use to distinguish local identities defined in the application from the ones defined in Bluetooth.

Reviewer: updated as suggested :)

>   Depending on the used local identity of the application, the Swift Pair module uses API of the Swift Pair advertising data provider to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Depending on the application local identity, the Swift Pair module uses API of the Swift Pair advertising data provider to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload.
```

Author: Discussed offline

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_COMMON_EVENTS` - The module updates the Fast Pair advertising payload reacting on the application events related to Bluetooth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_COMMON_EVENTS` - The module updates the Fast Pair advertising payload by reacting on the application events related to Bluetooth.
```

  See :ref:`nrf_desktop_bluetooth_guide` for Bluetooth configuration in the nRF Desktop.

> * :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_PEER_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` - The module dynamically enables or disables the Swift Pair advertising payload for dongle peer and for other Bluetooth peers relying on values of the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_PEER_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` - The module dynamically enables or disables the Swift Pair advertising payload for the dongle peer and for other Bluetooth peers relying on the values of the following Kconfig options:
```

  * :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SWIFT_PAIR_ADV_DONGLE_PEER <config_desktop_app_options>`
  * :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SWIFT_PAIR_ADV_OTHER_BLE_PEER <config_desktop_app_options>`

  If the dongle peer is disabled, there is no reason to use the module.

>   The Swift Pair advertising data provider can be simply enabled or disabled in build time using a dedicated Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Swift Pair advertising data provider can be simply enabled or disabled during a build time through a dedicated Kconfig option.
```

Set the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SWIFT_PAIR <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to enable the module.

> This option automatically selects :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_PEER_ID_INFO <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to enable the dongle peer ID information event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option automatically selects the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_PEER_ID_INFO <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to enable the dongle peer ID information event.
```

Implementation details
**********************

The module is an early subscriber for :c:struct:`ble_peer_operation_event`.

> This allows the module to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload just before the Bluetooth advertising is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the module to enable or disable the Swift Pair advertising payload just before the Bluetooth advertising starts.
```
